[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
to reach the heart
of Babidi's ship,
Goku and the others
have been forced
to fight their way down,
level by level.
Vegeta dominated in Stage One;
while in Stage Two,
Goku gave the ravenous Yakon
too much of a good thing!
Stage Three begins now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
That was incredible, Dad!
You really hit that monster with
everything you had, didn't you?
Oh, I dunno.
[VEGETA] That darn Kakarot's
actually done it!
He's broken through
the Super Saiyan barrier!
[BABIDI]
Aaaah!
What just happened, Dabura?
Why did he pop?
What did he do to my Yakon?
Yakon was a fool.
He has nobody to blame for
his destruction but himself.
In his gluttony,
he devoured more energy
than his body could handle.
Yes, but how?
Yakon's appetite was legendary!
How could a mere Earthling have
made a predator of his caliber
burst like an
overinflated balloon?
Those three are stronger
than I could have imagined
and I lured them onto my ship!
Master, don't be alarmed.
Allow your faithful servant
to set your mind at ease.
[BABIDI]
Huh?
Hmph! I, myself,
will proceed up to level three
and be their next opponent.
Majin Buu's ball will
be filled with their energy
soon enough, Babidi--
I guarantee it.
There's nothing to fear.
Oh, nothing to fear, huh?
If they do manage to beat you,
I'll be completely
defenseless down here!
Are you absolutely sure
that you'll win?
That I am.
[chuckles]
For I am Dabura,
King of the Demon World.
No matter how many kilis of
power they're able to muster,
they will fall at my feet
and beg for mercy
before I am finished!
[GOKU] I wonder
who or what's gonna
come charging out this time.
Hey, Gohan.
Get ready. You're up next.
Goku, wait!
This isn't the World
Martial Arts Tournament!
Babidi's minions are some of
the strongest warriors
the universe has ever seen,
and if you lose, that's it!
Fighting them one-on-one
has worked out so far but,
from now on,
let's face them together!
Well, I don't think we need
to go as far as all that.
Besides, it just wouldn't
be right, y'know?
It wouldn't?
No. I mean, Vegeta and I
got to fight our matches alone,
so it'd be wrong not to
let Gohan have his turn.
[GOHAN] And whoever they send,
I can take 'em, no sweat!
Don't worry about me,
Supreme Kai!
[GOHAN grunts]
All right! I'm ready to go!
Well? What are you
waiting for? Do it!
After I'm done with them,
only their energy will remain!
[UNDERLING 19A] Uh. Wait!
Where are you going, Dabura?
The passageway to the upper
levels is on this side!
[BABIDI]
Don't question his methods.
The meditation room?
[DABURA]
Ha!
Oh, I get it! Dabura's going to
boost his energy even higher
before he takes them on!
[electric motor hums]
[BABIDI laughs]
Listen well. Dabura is
not to be disturbed in there.
He'll come out
when he's ready to.
Right!
[BABIDI] He's getting himself
into the proper frame of mind.
Once Dabura
sets himself to the task,
I'm sure he'll deal with
our guests easily enough.
[laughs]
[GOHAN] Whoever it is, they're
sure taking their time in there.
Try not to get antsy, son.
I'm sure they're getting
some real hotshot
all prepped and ready
to face you.
[GOHAN]
Yeah.
Y'know, I wonder
what's been going on
at the World Martial Arts
Tournament since we left.
It did lose a lot
of contestants all at once.
Augh! I can't believe
you convinced me
to leave the tournament behind
for this, Kakarot.
I should be fighting you,
not these intergalactic
pushovers!
[GOHAN]
He's got a point.
I was looking forward to taking
a crack at you, too, Dad.
[GOKU] Yeah, same here.
Oh well, maybe next time.
At least Android 18
is still in it.
[SUPREME KAI] These Saiyans
are unbelievable.
All they seem to care about
is the thrill of the fight.
They have no regard
for danger at all!
[CROWD cheers, chatters]
[ANNOUNCER] Ladies and
gentlemen, I have an update!
If you could please just
quiet down for a second!
Now, since we don't
quite know what's going on,
we're gonna take
a little break while
we get all of this sorted out!
[MAN 19A]
"Sorted out," huh?
Get on with it!
Hey, announcer! I'll fight you!
[GOTEN] Aw, we don't
get to fight yet.
And I was all ready
for us to do our thing.
If your big brother hadn't
lost to those weirdos,
the tournament would
still be going on!
[GOTEN]
Stop talking bad about Gohan!
Well, if he hadn't just
stood there and let them
stab him, we'd be
fighting right now!
[GOTEN] If you're looking
for a fight, you've got one!
[TRUNKS]
Hey!
[GOTEN]
Come here right now!
[TRUNKS]
Stop it!
[TRUNKS grunting,
GOTEN shouting]
[BOTH yell]
[MAN 19B]
What was that?
[MAN 19C]
Somebody fall?
[GOTEN, TRUNKS groan]
Oh my gosh--
it's Mighty Mask!
Hey, are you okay?
[groans]
[MONK 19A]
Is anything broken?
Hey! Don't worry,
we're fine! Heh!
[GOTEN] He means
"I'm fine! I'm fine!" Ow!
[TRUNKS]
That was on purpose!
[GOTEN]
Watch what you're saying!
[TRUNKS]
Watch where you're going!
The waiting must be
making him anxious.
[MONK 19B] We should tell the
other fighters about the delay.
[GOTEN]
Can I stop walking?
Why?
[GOTEN] I'm kinda getting
thirsty, Trunks.
I wanna take a break.
Okay. Let's do it.
I know I've got it
easier up here,
but doing this
is wearing me out.
Take a right, Goten!
[TRUNKS]
That way!
Oh, right.
I should tell Mighty Mask
that we're in a bit of
a holding pattern right now.
[TRUNKS]
Hard left! There ya go!
[TRUNKS] He-he-heh.
Mission accomplished!
Okay. Looks like
the coast is clear.
Aah.
There he is.
[TRUNKS grunts]
[GOTEN] Come on, Trunks!
Get off my shoulders already!
[TRUNKS]
Don't rush me!
[GOTEN]
They're really achy!
[TRUNKS]
Stop complaining--
[ANNOUNCER]
I hear kids talking.
Thousand pardons, blondie--
I'm coming through!
Oh the stuff
people track in here!
It's enough to make
my hair go gray again!
Y'know, I'd love to get
past you if you don't mind.
[GOTEN chuckles]
[laughs]
I'm gonna get some juice!
[TRUNKS sighs]
[GOTEN]
Uhhh... Ah! This one!
[ANNOUNCER] Ugh.
Took her long enough.
Hey, Mighty Mask, you in here?
--[TRUNKS] Ah!
--[GOTEN] Huh?
[beeping]
Hold on. You two?
You're that kid Trunks,
and you're Goten, right?
Uh. Y-Yes, sir!
[ANNOUNCER] Sorry, but this
lounge is for contestants
who are still
actively competing.
We, uh. We didn't
mean to trespass!
We just wanted to try an' get
Mr. Satan's autograph.
That's right! We sure did!
Hmmm. That sounds legit.
And you did well
in the junior division,
so I guess I'll let it slide.
[BOTH laugh nervously]
Oh, I almost forgot.
Did you kids see Mighty Mask?
I saw him duck in this room
a few moments ago.
[BOTH]
Huh?!
[ANNOUNCER] Isn't this
Mighty Mask's outfit?
[TRUNKS]
Uhhh.
He's gotta be
in here somewhere.
Uh. Oh yeah.
About that. He's, uh...
[ANNOUNCER] Hey, Mighty Mask!
Where're you keeping yourself?
--[ANNOUNCER] Huh?
--[TRUNKS chuckles]
[ANNOUNCER] So, he's in the
shower. That makes sense.
Mighty Mask!
[GOTEN] What? I'm sorry, sir!
You can't go in there!
His identity's a secret!
That means no peeking!
[ANNOUNCER]
Mm. Oh. Good call.
Fighters who hide their face
get pretty weird
about folks seeing
what's under the disguise.
It's cool. I'm hip.
[sighs]
[ANNOUNCER] I came in here
to tell you something!
Can you hear me?
Aaah!
Yeah! Go ahead!
Ah, well, then.
We're not sure when
the tournament's going
to start up again,
so make sure you stick
around the arena, okay?
Fine. I'll stick around.
--Ain't he great?
--Uh!
[laughs]
[ANNOUNCER]
That's that.
And you two, don't bother
Mighty Mask once he's out.
[TRUNKS]
Right!
[BOTH laugh, sigh]
[CROWD chatter]
The ones that left have
been gone for an hour now.
We have to disqualify them.
[MONK 19E] I know, but that only
leaves us with five contestants.
[OX KING] Hey, everybody.
So, what did I miss?
Nothing yet. Goku and
the others still aren't back
from wherever they flew off to.
Why on Earth
did he have to leave
in the middle of the tournament?
[ROSHI]
Mmm. Wherever they are,
something strange
is going on there.
I'm picking up a lot of very
strong energies all in one spot.
[YAMCHA]
Huh.
Oh, check it out, Goten.
The rest of
the fighters are here.
[GOTEN] Good thing
we came back when we did!
[MR. SATAN] Hmph! Those chumps
who left must've come down
with a case of
Mister-Satan-itis!
Hats off to you guys
who faced your fears
and stuck around,
not that it's gonna change
the outcome when
we fight or nuthin'.
Oh, man! To hear that kind of
thing from you is an honor!
[TRUNKS]
Heh. It's just hot air!
Wait! I got it!
[CROWD cheers]
You came to see
the best, didn't ya?
Well as long as I'm still here,
that's exactly what
you're gonna get--
don't worry about that!
You fine folks are
still gonna see a tourney
to tell your grandkids about!
[CROWD cheers]
Mr. Satan, you're such a giver!
Oh, man! You're incredible!
I can't wait to watch you fight!
[MR. SATAN laughs]
Don't look so worried,
you guys!
Better grab your umbrellas,
'cause Mr. Satan
had a brainstorm!
[MONK 19E] Okay! If you have
an idea, we'd love to hear it.
A battle royale
with who's left!
First, we disqualify
those chumps who ran away.
Then we gather the remaining
fighters into the ring
to let us duke it out
all at the same time
for maximum awesomeness!
It goes without saying
that a tournament with
five people is pretty lame.
But a battle royale?
The fans'll eat it up
sideways! Guaranteed!
Ah! You're a genius!
That's a great idea!
Just one problem.
[MR. SATAN]
Mm?
If we do a
battle royale, then--
Well, spit it out.
If you've got a problem
with my brilliant idea,
just say it already.
No, I--!
No. It's fine.
You think it's that bad
an idea, I'll head home.
I think it's wonderful, Champ!
And the others all agree
with me--right, guys?
Well, in that case,
blondie, go do your thing!
Got it!
Ladies and gentlemen!
Thank you for waiting
so patiently out there!
Right now, at Mr. Satan's
wise prompting,
it was decided that
the five remaining contestants
will square off
in a battle royale!
Everybody's fighting
at once, folks--
and whoever's
the last one standing
will be our tournament champion!
All right! That's my
kind of fighting!
Muscles and brains! Oh my!
Did he say
a battle royale?
But if they start things up
before Gohan and Goku get back,
then they're out of the running.
[ROSHI grunts] Well, I'm not
getting any younger here.
And I'm not
getting any richer!
We need that prize money, okay?
[sighs]
Our savings
could use some saving.
Y'know, I've got to
hand it to you, Mr. Satan--
it was really brave of you to
go with the battle royale idea.
Most fighters find it too risky.
Risky?
Exceedingly so, yeah!
You have to assume
the other four contestants
will band together
to take you out first,
since you're the reigning
champion and so heavily favored
to win the tournament.
[laughs]
If I let stuff like
that spook me,
what the heck kind of fighting
master would I be, huh?
Yeah, I guess you're right!
[MR. SATAN]
I didn't think of that!
All right, tournament fans!
Without further ado, let's
introduce the five fighters
taking part
in our battle royale!
First up, you know him
and love him--Mr. Satan!
[CROWD cheers]
[MR. SATAN] Okay, self,
put on your game-face!
[MR. SATAN yells]
[groans]
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
Next, the only woman competing
in the World
Martial Arts Tournament!
A lady with digits
for a name, it's Number 18!
Oh! I give you a 9.5 baby!
--[A18] Hmph!
--[OX KING] Go 18!
Good luck!
Hey, Mommy! You can do it!
Next up,
a contestant who lost
in the first round
of the last tournament,
it's Mighty Mask!
Well, it's time to get in there!
So, let's give 'em
a cool entrance!
[GOTEN]
Yeah!
[TRUNKS, GOTEN]
Wha--whoa!
[MAN 19H] Save it
for the fight, Mighty Mask!
Our fourth contestant
was eliminated
in the second round
of the last tournament.
It's Killa!
[MAN 19I]
Look at the arms on him!
Now for our fifth
and final contestant.
A man, who's a hit with
the ladies and came close
to winning it all last time
around. It's Jewel!
[WOMAN 19C]
You're absolutely gorgeous!
I love you!
[ANNOUNCER] These five titans
of the ring will square off
in our battle royale!
Who will be the first to fall?
Who will be eliminated
late in the game?
And who will tough it out
to win it all?
[chuckles]
[grunts]
Okay, it's about to start!
[GOTEN] Wouldn't it
be neat if we won
the adult category, too, Trunks?
Yeah!
I know we gotta
fight each other,
but let's knock Mr. Satan
out-of-bounds before we do.
Sound good?
Yeah, whatever! I don't
need help knocking him out.
The only one
you have to worry about
is that Number 18. Right?
[GOTEN]
Right!
What is the deal
with that guy?
He's a ventriloquist
or somethin'?
Why, hello,
my scowling lovely.
It is a shame for one
as beautiful as you
to mar yourself with combat.
After I win, how about
you and I grab a bite to eat?
Take a hike.
You repulse me.
[JEWEL] Eeh! What the--?
Did I just hear that right?
I hope you're ready,
fight fans!
Because our five-man battle
royale championship match
is mere seconds away
from starting up!
Let's make some noise!
[MAN 19K] Good luck
down there, Mighty Mask!
[MAN 19L]
Take 'em out, hot stuff!
[MAN 19M]
Number 18!
[JEWEL]
How dare she reject me?
Doesn't she know how
irresistible I am?
[KILLA] Mighty Mask think
he better than us, huh?
Soon as the match starts up,
I'm feeding that guy
a knuckle-sandwich!
[CROWD]
Satan! Satan!
[MR. SATAN] If you're gonna
gang up on me, then bring it on!
I dare ya! I got four limbs!
One for each of ya!
[ANNOUNCER]
Let the fight begin!
[CROWD cheers]
[yells]
[KILLA groans]
[moans]
[groans]
What the--? I don't believe
what I'm seeing, folks!
Just seconds into the match,
both Jewel and Killa
were knocked
clear out of the ring!
[MAN 19N]
C'mon, Killa!
[WOMAN 19F]
Jewel, what did they do to you?
Beauty and brawn?
Man, Number 18 is awesome!
Seems like that Mighty Mask
fellow is no slouch, either!
Yay! Good job!
Keep it up, Mommy!
[OX KING] Way to go, 18!
Good technique!
[MARRON]
Go, Mommy! You can do it!
[MR. SATAN] Well, it looks
like I lucked out!
I dunno what happened exactly,
but two of my opponents
have been taken out already!
Now I just gotta
deal with these two!
This battle royale
is in the bag!
[A18] I shouldn't
underestimate this fighter
with the long torso.
Those twiggy little arms
of his pack more punch
than I would have expected.
Make sure you
stay focused, Goten.
She may not look it,
but I heard that Krillin's wife
was even stronger
than our dads once!
[GOTEN]
Yeah! I'm ready!
[MR. SATAN] Come on! What're
you waiting for, you two?
I'll put you both down for
the count at the same time!
[TRUNKS]
Don't worry about the chump.
[GOTEN]
'Kay!
[A18]
Hmph.
[MR. SATAN]
Hm?
[growls]
[ANNOUNCER] Suddenly, the field
is whittled down to three!
It's Mighty Mask! Number 18!
And our reigning champion,
the peerless Mr. Satan!
Which of these contestants
will overpower the others
to win the match
and take home the title?
[MR. SATAN chuckles]
What's he mean
"Who's gonna win"?
It'll be me! Only question now
is how to make it look good.
Let's see here. First, I'll take
that masked punk to school
with moves that show off
the ol' razzle-dazzle.
[MR. SATAN chuckles]
Once he's out of the picture,
I'll square off against
the cutie in the mom-jeans
and knock her out of the ring
as gentlemanly as possible.
He-heh. She'll think
I'm the bee's knees!
And so will the folks
up in the stands!
[CROWD cheers]
[ANNOUNCER] Mr. Satan's
struck a triumphant pose!
He's already
declaring his victory!
Just listen to 'em!
They love me! I so nailed it!
[laughs]
How lame is this guy?
[GOTEN] I guess
we should leave him alone.
All right! I've got
your number, Mighty Mask!
I hope you're ready for
a top-drawer Dynamite Kick!
Sorry, but it's a hard lesson
I'm about to teach you, punk!
[laughs]
Don't forget, Goten. Focus on
Number 18. Understand?
[GOTEN]
'Kay.
[MR. SATAN]
Here goes!
[GOTEN yells]
Megaton Punch!
[yells]
Huh?
[TRUNKS]
She sure is strong!
Aaaaaah...
[GOTEN] C'mon, Trunks!
Hit her back!
[TRUNKS]
I'm trying to! Here goes!
Aaah...
--Incredible.
--Amazing!
Since our men
are nowhere to be found,
let's root for Number 18
instead, shall we?
Eighteen! Kick his butt! Go!
[OOLONG]
Yeah! Yeah!
Good luck, Mommy! Win it all!
[ROSHI gasps]
Don't tell me that's--!
Watch it! Not that way!
Go to the right!
[GOTEN]
That's easy for you to say!
[TRUNKS]
Aah!
[GOTEN] Do something already!
We're gonna lose!
C'mon!
[A18 grunts]
[ANNOUNCER]
They're flying!
Mighty Mask and Number 18
have taken to the skies!
[GOKU] How long
is this going to take?
All right, I'm breaking
down the door.
No! You mustn't
do that, Vegeta!
We are wasting
our time in here!
But you can't start
breaking things
because you're
feeling impatient!
Provoking Babidi
unnecessarily is a bad idea.
Is Dabura done yet?
Sir! He's still
inside the room.
That's what I like to hear!
Boost your energy
as high as you can, Dabura!
Crush them all flat!
[laughs]
[NARRATOR] Dabura,
King of the Demon World,
sits within the meditation
chamber to maximize his power
before facing our heroes.
Gohan doesn't know
what foe to expect,
but he's anxious
to start the fight.
[TRUNKS]
Fighting like this is hard!
[GOTEN]
Just keep punching!
[NARRATOR]
Meanwhile, back at the
World Martial Arts Tournament,
the battle royale to determine
the new champion rages on!
Will it be Number 18?
Mighty Mask?
Or does Mr. Satan
have a chance?
Find out,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Who is this
Mighty Mask guy, anyway?
And how can he go head-to-head
with Number 18 like that?
[TRUNKS] We've got this fight
in the bag, Goten!
Just keep it up,
and we'll win the tournament!
[A18] This guy moves
in the weirdest ways! What?
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Oh, man! I thought they
were done fighting for the day,
and now they pull this?